CONSTITUTION AND BYLAWS
Preamble
The constitution and bylaws are made to
1.	Preserve and secure our principle of Faith
2.	Provide the structure and frame work for our operations
3.	Ensure freedom of action and independence from any religious body or organization
4.	Provide for orderly conduct of internal affairs, in dealing with others, and of governing Church members
5.	Provide legal backup as for the Ministry


NAME
The name of the church shall be The Lifesprings Christian Centre.
Our Vision
The LifeSprings Christian Centre our vision is the vison of our Lord Jesus Christ who will have all Men to be Saved and Come to the Knowledge of Christ. I timothy 2vs4 
Our Mission
The LifeSprings Christian Centre is an Oasis of Life where freshness is birth and Purpose is actualized.
1.	To raise and refine Men for Purposeful living
2.	To bring all into the eternal purpose of God 
3.	To set men who are trained and conscious of their identity in all Sphere of Life
These who do by Preaching and teaching the dynamics of the Word laying Emphasis on the Dunamis of the Spirit that empowers men for all round Conquest, and we continue therein till the whole earth is filled with the knowledge of Christ as water covers the Sea.

OUR MANDATE (statement) 
Refining Men for Purpose through the word of Life that lives Forever. 

Our Anchor Scripture
ISAIAH 35 vs 1-10
our culture
We LOVE all men especially those in the household of faith
We HONOUR all men especially those the Lord has placed over Us
We GIVE cheerfully, willingly and Sacrificially
We give expression to the JOY of the holy ghost in us
We are LOYAL to Our Man of God and to TLCC

Our Article of Faith
1.	We believe the bible to be the inspire and only infallible written word of God to Men
(I timothy 3:16, I Thessalonians 2:13, II peter 1:21)
2.	We believe there is one God, eternally existing in three persons: God the Father, God the Son and God the Holy Spirit. ( I john 5vs7)
3.	We believe in the virgin birth of Jesus, his earthly ministration as recorded in the synoptics and in His death, burial and Resurrection (Luke 1vs27-35, I Corinthians 15 vs 1-4)
4.	We believe that Salvation is eternal and a man can only be considered save if he believes in the death, burial and resurrection of Christ with his hearth and Confess with his mouth (Romans 10:9-10)
5.	We believe that every believer should be baptize in the holy Spirit with the evidence of Speaking in tongues as seen in the Acts of Apostles(Acts 2vs4, Acts 10vs44-46)
6.	We believe in the Ministration of the Holy Spirit in these last days which is visible in demonstration of his gifts in believers.( I Corinthians 12)
7.	We believe in the sacrament of the holy communion and that it should be observed as often as possible.(I Corinthians 11vs24-26)
8.	 We believe in all Manners of giving (tithes, special offerings, first fruit etc.) so far is done Willingly and not by Compulsion or Manipulation
9.	We believe in the autonomy of the local church and its submission to the ordained Apostolic order
10.	We believe in the blessed hope of Rapture and that all believers will be judged based on what they do Christ (judgement seat of Christ),


GOVERNMENT
The government of the LifeSprings Christian Centre is vested in the Holy Spirit. The membership through the Set man retains unto itself the right of exclusive self-government in all phases of its life and organization. 
Nonprofit status
The Lifesprings Christian Centre is a non-profit organization
CHURCH STRUCTURE
Membership
1.	A person is regard as member having fully complete the six weekends training of membership class of the church and such a person will be given a Certificate to that regard.
2.	All person intended to be member must fill the membership form and must be duly signed by such a person and the leader attached to him/her by the Set man.
3.	Having completed the membership class all members are by duty must be submitted to the authority of the Leadership structure set in place.
4.	Temporary absenteeism from the church will not affect a member’s membership. However, while absent from the local church all tithes and offerings should be sent to the church by the absent member until her return.
5.	The Church leadership structure has exclusive right to terminate the membership of any member and a member can also withdraw her membership in both cases due process must be carried out
(More as regards Membership right, responsibilities etc. are discussed in our membership manual) 



STEWARDS
1.	A person is considered as steward having undergone the membership class and has been duly Certified.
2.	Such a person must also undergo special trainings to equipped and furnish her for the task.
3.	This also require a high level of commitment to the local Assembly, leadership structure and unweaving loyalty to the System.

Ministers
1.	Any one regarded as minister in the Ministry must have gone through membership class, stewards training and school of Ministries organized by the Church through FEMI ADEDOKUN MINISTRIES.
2.	Such an individual must have been a committed member of the Church for a sizable period of months (minimum of 6months)
3.	Such individual must have been ordained by the set Man.
4.	All ministers of the Ministry are duly regard too with the title minister

PASTORS
The LifeSprings Christian Centre recognize all ministry gift as stated in 
Ephesians 4 vs 11  and anyone who is called into any of these offices can be ordained and giving the privilege to Pastor our local Assembly and or carry out ministry activities/assignment as the set man deem fit.

Anyone seeking this office must be willing to submit to the Set man, Vision, leadership structure of the commission.


For Responsibilities, code of conduct, pastor’s tenure etc.  due recourse should be made to our Pastoral and leadership manual.




Central Executive Council
The Central Executive Council of The LifeSprings Christian Centre is the highest Decision-Making body of the Ministries. It oversees the Spiritual and Administrative leadership structure of the Ministry through the set man.
1.	The body consist of Eight ordained Pastors in the Ministry
2.	The body is Chaired/preside over by the Set man (Pastor Femi ADEDOKUN) who also stand as legal representative of the Ministry.
3.	In the absence of the Set Man the Spiritual and Administrative leadership of the Ministry is Conferred on the Vice President of the Council
4.	It shall be the responsibility of the trustee to sign every legal document that as to do with the Ministry

NAMES AND OFFICE OF CEC.
1.	Pastor Femi Adedokun  -------- PRESIDENT/setMan
2.	Pastor Olajumoke Idowu------ Vice President
3.	Pastor Israel Oladosu----------- Church Administrator and Director of global Evangelism
4.	Mrs Opeyemi Oladosu……….. Director of Finance and Logistics
5.	……
6.	…..
7.	…..
8.	…..
Local Assembly Organogram
 Multitude¬¬¬------Member(s)------Steward(s)----- Minister(s)------Associate Pastor(s)-------Resident Pastor
Amendment
This constitution and bylaws is subject to reviews and periodical amendment as deem fit by the Set Man who is obligated to get consent from the two-third of the Central Executive Council.


 







